Group 7 - Veronica Ruiz, Madison Ruiz, Gabriel Rodriguez, Emma Soergel

Explanation:

1- What is the final title of your project? 

EcoArchive.org

2- What problem is this project trying to solve? 

People need an interactive and visual way to learn about endangered and invasive species around the world for better education and awareness of the public. This website would provide an interactive world map to use as a reference to ecologists, zoologists, and the general public alike. The map would show regions to find endangered species as well as archive general information about each species. Additionally, for people who capture invasive species to help the environment, the website would mark regions most affected by invasive species.

3- Who are your project's key stakeholders (including categories/subcategories of potential users/customers)? 

People who love animals and want to be better informed about different and invasive species. 

 4- What is this project's scope (boundaries, what is in, what is out)? 

The project’s scope is to create a website that informs people about endangered and invasive species. Allowing users to “adopt” their own endangered animal will make them feel connected to the species, leading them to take action and raise money and awareness to bring the animal out of endangerment.




1- What is the project timeline (expected tasks and their estimated duration)? You need to make sure that your time management meets the deadline for your final
presentations with some buffer.
        The final deadline for your website is Dec 7th. 
Home page
About page
Search bar
Animal not found page
Ecosystem map of the United States of America
pins/locations
ecosystems/regions
Florida everglades
Endangered
Monarch Butterflies
Invasive
Burmese Python
Endangered
Black footed ferret
Invasive 
Spotted lantern fly
Map (Due Oct 23rd)
Endangered species
Invasive species
Regions
Pins
Research the animals (Due Oct 9th)
Endangered species
Elephants
Giant Pandas
Invasive species
Burmese python
Spotted Lantern Fly
Images (Due Oct 30th)
Estimates population
Locations or regions
Florida everglades-snakes
African Savanna-elephants
South Central China-
Find images
Adoption process/sign up (like creating an account?)

2-  What are the potential risks of your project?
Some potential risks of our project are the inability to create a functioning signup page and a working map with locator pins. Although we may be able to insert images and pins for our map, it might be difficult to get it to do what we want it to because we have never created anything like this before. Additionally, since we have never made a signup page before, there may be errors with it.

3- Provide an imagined drawing/sketch of how you envision the user interface of your website/app. This will help you build a foundation for your conceptual design later.
